Hello
1950 europe begins to wake up from the
nightmare of the Second World War
finished just five years before the
organic immigration regained a strength
of the beginning of the century and Argentina
again received thousands of people who
they brought in their suitcases the hope of
a new life
by then three young people from
from northern Italy were found in the
Argentina and decided to take advantage of their
know- how and its spirit
entrepreneur hercules montini depreciates and
sabino caselli from ivrea piemonte
they contributed their technical knowledge in
precision die-casting acquired in the
olivetti machine factory thought bona
of peanut born in pennetta colony but
did not show with just 20 years his
potential lean towards handling
businessman in 1958 these men more than
money they invested will and sacrifice
Acquiring machinery and incorporating
staff founding techno fresh one
small metal company dedicated to
manufacture spare parts for firearms
of the famous ballester brand molina
initiating a way to that later
would join louis domingo where you
noticing the possibilities of
market decided to go for more and
they started to design develop and
build your first prototypes
this had a huge influence the
confidence of the incipient signature
commercial varaldo angel that was already
successfully entering the field
wholesaler of weapons and that
with the conviction that the modest and
craft workshop would be transformed into a
small factory contributed capital and its
market knowledge cabbage had
born
the manufacture of his first pistol
caliber 22 model 60 showed the way to
become immediately a success
thanks to its European style design
excellent performance price
competitive and a marketing
Responsible and judicious with the premise
foundational to manufacture each product
with the greatest care and utmost care in
the ergonomic aesthetic details and
functional versa also built
Shotguns of various calibers rifles and
22 caliber carbines becoming
from that moment pge on the company that
manufactures the best semiautomatic weapons
of the Argentinian before the need of
keep growing scattered decided
expand and began to participate in
international events and exhibitions
opening the doors to others
markets
the export demanded a modernization
technology and adequate training
commercial success was immediate
I inverse possess a chain of
representatives in several countries of the
world fundamentally in the usa that
it is currently its main buyer
versa has today technicians and
highly specialized operators
who receive a constant
training to face this task of
so much responsibility
the company constantly listens to
suggestions and recommendations of the
users policy that has allowed
achieve a high degree of quality in
all the products each of their
components is manufactured with machines and
state-of-the-art tools
equipped with the latest technology
computer-assisted what
guarantees the quality and uniformity of
Each piece of serial manufacturing is
subject to strict control systems
that they must respond accurately to the
parameters of each
in the functional aspect each unit is
subject to much higher demands than
what will be your usual benefit what
that allows to guarantee the operation
correct and safe long
and so first-rate weapons are produced
built in aluminum and steel
qualified special plastics
internationally as the most
appropriate and specific for weapons of
fire in this area cabbage is a company
national with great prestige
international products meet the
more demanding international standards what
which has allowed him to insert himself in
world market and compete in equality
of conditions with the most traditional
category brands the company has
permanent presence in the most
prestigious commercial events of the
country and abroad this allows
his executives take direct contact
with the public and launching
the new products that will be put to
disposition of the user and the people of
verza has full confidence in what
produces and that's why it guarantees its
articles for life that's called faith in
the future today to 50 years of that dream
berza continues to lead the market as
a great Argentine industry
international quality